DELAYED
Implement time of day. Two options in course file: start hour and end hour. The race will attempt to start at hourStart and end at hourFinish based on the lap time.

Extra grids of cars, like starting grids, but they are placed in the middle of long courses to act as repair stations.

Race spectating: Provide an option for people to do /race spectate, which spawns them near a helicopter when the race begins. Maybe.

If someone is nowhere near the starting grid when the race starts, kick them with a message like "The race started without you!".

You get kicked for stealing a car after a race is over? Hmm...

FIXED
If you die while waiting for a race, it thinks you're in a race.

Powerups! ohyes
	Boost: Add speed.
	Bunny hop: Jump!
	Explode: Adds force to vehicles around you.
	Repair pickups: Reset your health to 1.
	Vehicle slap: Point at someone's car and fire and it jumps and rotates like crazy.
	The Woet: Stop someone's car and set its roll to 180.
	Roadblock: Spawn some large vehicle behind you for a number of seconds.
	Teleport: Aim somewhere and teleport!
	Portal: Place two portals on the track!

Inputs are disabled when you /race.

Clear weapons instead of blocking them.



------Definite to do list:------

DONE
Finish indicator text
Time limit GUI
Remove weapons



----------IRC test----------
FIXED: Error spam randomly or at end of race.
FIXED: (probably) It said "Finish!" when someone else finished. What.
NEVERMIND: Someone is shooting their chopper D: (their script broke)
The "This should never happen!" text occurs for everyone.
The race position brokenness seems to get worse over time, somehow.
People's cars aren't despawned sometimes.
Tycoonman500 wasn't kicked when they had their ATV stolen.
Invisible checkpoint arrow happened a lot.



-------Public test-------

There's a very evil part in Son of a Beach




FIXED: If the driver gets in stunt position, the person in passenger is kicked for theft.

DONE: Teleport players to the course before it begins, so it's not a race of fast computers.

FIXED: "Wrong checkpoint!" warnings should be better.

DONE: Make it so that players who exit their vehicle are kicked from the race (and have their vehicle removed).

DONE: Players should spawn near the car doors, not on top.

FIXED: Don't kick vehicleless players after they've finished.

FIXED: Only allow people in vehicles to trigger checkpoints.

DONE: Scale the number of laps by the number of players slightly.

FIXED: offroad1.course only spawns 4 out of 12 vehicles for some reason.

FIXED: Some starting grids that are slanted (such as Cliffs of Fear) make the car roll.

DONE: Weather setting for course files. Simple variable from 0-2.

FIXED: Players don't spawn next to their cars perfectly.

FIXED: The game freaks out when a startgrid has more than 3 paths.

DONE: When a player uses /race, they should be shown a message like "use /race to leave".

FIXED, ditched the timer and used Vehicle:GetOccupants for an instant check: When a racer exits a vehicle, store the time of exit in that vehicle. When someone "steals" it, check to see it wasn't 20 seconds ago or something.

DONE: (I think) Currently, I'm pretty sure that, if someone gets in a car while someone else is in passenger, they'll be kicked. Maybe the check should ignore those that have a vehicle but aren't in the driver's seat.

NOFIX (not important anymore)
When someone stunt jumps on someone's car, they should be kicked out of the race earlier.

DONE (only disabled weapons)
Use the new actions system to prevent people from leaving their cars, etc.

DONE
Cool checkpoint arrow effect.

FIXED
Never stops shooting.

NOFIX
Block input to enter vehicle as passenger, if possible. Nevermind. If someone wants to get into their car by the passenger side, so be it.

DONE
Implement race position. It's a useful feature now that client-side Lua is in.
Notes on calculating/sending race position:
New class: CRacePosTracker. Stores a deep copy of racePosTracker. Its key to racePosTracker starts at the top and makes its way down. Players are sent their race position. Only a few players are sent their position every tick.
























